It's big and daring but also, I'm afraid, bloated, with a pay off not large enough to justify the more than three-hour running time.
Whatever their motivation, the results justify it all the way, allowing the super-wide, 2.75:1 frame to capture many characters within the same frame, playing the background against the foreground...
The mystery has few surprises, particularly as the tension is mitigated by prolonged conversations in a stagecoach, a stable, a way station, and around a dinner table.
I wouldn't mind being exhausted watching The Hateful Eight if it actually added up to something or said something or even just managed to entertain me.
For a simple premise and multi-layered characters, Tarantino's expert style and execution makes his eighth film an enjoyable experience.
The Hateful Eight is a hilarious, suspenseful, bloody and masterful epic. It might also just be the year's best film.
Only in Quentin Tarantino's mind is the idea of filming a western as violent, as entertaining and as original as The Hateful Eight. [Full review in Spanish]
Tarantino has created a highly immersive world populated by fully fleshed-out characters, but he's also made a movie that's incredibly cruel. The third act, in particular, is chock full of cruelty...
There are a hundred reasons why a three-hour widescreen epic that devolves into an Agatha Christie play shouldn't work, and yet... The Hateful Eight comes off as more satisfying than Inglourious Basterds or Django Unchained.
The Hateful Eight still stands head and shoulders above most other fare on offer in cinemas right now, and it's a worthy addition to the Tarantino library.
It takes something special like a Tarantino film to relive that trembling magic of the cinema.
The Hateful Eight is ambitious, complex yet wildly entertaining. For a 187-minute film, it's worth it.
The Hateful Eight contains the traditional Tarantino values of racism, violence, and controversy but sets itself apart with brilliant cinematography and classic, mysterious story-telling.
Now, 'This' is how you make a movie!
The Hateful Eight is not just a movie. This is an experience. And that's exactly what Director/Writer Quentin Tarantino was aiming for.
The Hateful Eight is a unique cinematic experience that transcends most of the best films of 2015. Instead of solely being a good film, it goes beyond that, resting its roots in the past and its ambition in the future.
The unexpected whodunit aspect of this deeply untrustworthy tale took on a life of its own, and the delectable dialogue so memorably delivered just delighted me at every turn.
Razor-sharp, witty, suspenseful and violent, it marks the signature Tarantino blend of style and substance.
The Hateful Eight is worthless, mean-spirited, racial and sexist fetishism doused in schlocky fake blood, and an artist as skilled as Tarantino should know it.
A claustrophobic, theatrical experiment of Hitchcockian proportions - as thrilling as it is frustrating.
I enjoyed the hell out of this film, and I know I'll be thinking about all of it for a long time; why it makes me uncomfortable, and also why I loved watching it.
As expected, The Hateful eight is driven by iconic performances and exquisite writing.
By the end I cared little for any of them, which adversely affected my overall enjoyment of the film.
It's a good-looking film featuring a strong script and some outstanding performances.
The Hateful Eight is the classic example of when you have a great director with an excellent story to tell. [Full Review in Spanish]
When the main takeaway for a movie is its aspect ratio and negative stock, you've got some problems.
Much like riding a roller coaster: the first half is like the climb to the apex, with anticipation mounting before things go completely haywire in the second half. The pay-off is well worth the build.
The Hateful Eight probably won't top most people's lists of either 2015's or Tarantino's top films, but if one has a desire to see a gorgeous-looking, bloody Western mystery with a writer/director and some fine actors all having a great time, here it is.
The shift into postmodern mode in the film's final act is too expository and feels like a belated attempt to inflect a bit of spice to an intelligent, if rather dry, drama.
The Hateful Eight wouldn't be itself without the nervy performances of its diverse cast. Some are long-time Tarantino regulars and others fresh meat. But all are up to the task of deconstructing the archetypes they've been tasked to play.
Story-wise it's as much a mystery film as it is a western, playing out like a sadistic version of Clue at points.
The Hateful Eight is not a perfect film but this was damn-near the slow burn masterpiece my foul-mouthed mind deserved. I'm already in line for "The Loathsome Nine".
It is so "breathtaking" that you'll be looking at the exit counting down to your chance to run and shower and perhaps lose the expensive lunch you just had.
Just in time for Christmas, director Quentin Tarantino gives you a big present drenched in a festive blood red. But it's a present that feels boxed in, and never really opens up.
The Hateful Eight is beautifully filmed, and Morricone's score should have escaped to find a better movie. But it's just a bloody sandbox in which Tarantino plays with his favorite toys until it's time to destroy them.
As for Kurt Russell, I think he gives one of the best performances of his career. What did I not like about the movie? ...the number of times the n-word was used.
The Hateful Eight doesn't drag because Tarantino has stacked the deck with characters so wild and dangerously exciting that you almost want to slap your own hands for cheering these grimy characters in their violent pursuits.
The Hateful Eight is Tarantino's most timely film.
[The Hateful Eight] is what you'd expect and hope for in a Tarantino film, but by the edgy auteur's barometer, it's a lesser cut.
This might be second-tier Tarantino, but there's plenty to enjoy, especially composer Ennio Morricone's extraordinary score.
As the story unfolds, the skilled performances of the cast become more and more extroverted, taking on a grotesque theatricality.
The closing scene, amidst harrowing brutality, is poetically powerful and is without a shadow of a doubt, Tarantino's crowning achievement as an auteur
Warning: Tarantino's cinema is not for the faint-hearted. However, the maker of Reservoir Dogs and Kill Bill, in his by now famous signature style, once again gives you substance to lose sleep over.
This is a film of uneven performances and strange decisions.
The Hateful Eight is very much a Tarantino film-if you're a Tarantino fan, you'll find a lot to love about it, but if you're not, it won't change your mind.
At two hours and 45 minutes, Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight ... burns slowly, but despite a lot of promising sparks fizzles out by the time it gets to its gore-soaked finale.
The Hateful Eight may really be sort of terrible.
Westerns aren't usually my thing, but Quentin Tarantino may have converted me.
The rich perversity in the slow-building tension explodes, as these things do in Tarantino narratives, fracturing and fragmenting chronology and body parts with equal aplomb and delirious pitch-black humor.
The Hateful Eight is [Quentin] Tarantino having fun.
While it's not his best film (it's far too long and indulgent at times), Tarantino absorbs the audience into a scene, compelling you to look at each and every inch of it--indicative of many vintage films (his usual film playground).
This really boils down to how much you like Tarantino. Eight is self-indulgent as all hell, but damn if it isn't a lot of fun.
"The Hateful Eight" is Quentin Tarantino's love letter to his own films. As love letters go, it can be a bit overblown at times but only by the heat of passionate entreaties to the beloved to return the sentiment by being more, saying more, feeling more.
It's almost always entertaining. And it goes down easy. It's a guilty pleasure - the movie equivalent of empty calories.
Incendiary off-beat Western.
These characters are, as we are told from the outset, all hateful... and they aren't interesting or dynamic enough to overcome that fact.
The Hateful Eight often feels more like a sadistic stage play than a movie. [Full review in Japanese]
For some years, [Tarantino's] movies have felt less like great films, more like exacting punishments to be nobly endured in the name of Cinema.
Quentin Tarantino has offered up his hellish mind to the world, and TH8 is one of his most thrilling, cynical, subversive and narratively transgressive exercises to date.
The movie isn't one of Tarantino's fantasies correcting historical atrocities, it's about American history *as* an atrocity. The declaration of an angry political consciousness from an artist I never imagined having one.
The Hateful Eight isn't among Tarantino's greatest. It's not one of the best movies of the year. But it's not awful, unless you find Tarantino intolerable.
The Hateful Eight is part Reservoir Dogs, Django Unchained and Clue. It has the best and worst of Tarantino. [Full review in Spanish]
The Hateful Eight has lots to love, but just as much to abhor, making it an elegant enigma that's as frustrating as it is impressive.
Reasonably good.
Sprawling throughout, with clearly delineated sections that are alternately very talky and very bloody, I loved it. But your mileage may vary.
Even its obvious weaknesses have the courage of their convictions, and the strengths are terrific.
It is patience that helps navigate through the verbal jousting at the haberdashery until the revelations come tumbling out.
Over-the-top bloody...so be prepared for an adult evening out. And an entertaining one.
Deadly family ties
Some of Tarantino's worst instincts are on display in The Hateful Eight, which -- damnit! -- could've been so great.
There is a lot to love and admire in The Hateful Eight. Yet at 187 minutes it proves Tarantino's tendency for excess is a weakness that needs to be worked upon.
What happened to Tarantino's inventiveness, his insouciant humor?
This tale of carnage in a cabin might not have the ambition of Inglorious Basterds or the scale of Django Unchained, but it remains a compact delight, packing plenty of suspense and surprises into its modest dimensions.
Shock-value use of the 'N-word' was how QT made his bones in Hollywood. 'Hateful' is the culmination of a body of work engineered to liberate the N-word from PC-lockdown.
The Hateful Eight is violent, wacky, entertaining, and somewhat meaner that I thought it would be.
A gloriously unhinged, wildly unpredictable, yet subtly existential piece of work.
A brilliant, blood-spattered ode to fatalism.
[Director] Tarantino doesn't just love movies, he understands them.
Even though it's a pulp western brimming with the director's usual blood, guts and wry humour, the racial politics are more contemporary in nature than in Django Unchained.
Only Quentin Tarantino's immense popularity, based on his films' cathartic gouts of blood and dialogue, could have allowed him to make such a crazy and compelling Grand Guignol Western.
Smart, violent and politically incorrect, The Hateful Eight is Tarantino through and through and although definitely not one of his greatest, it is still another wonderful addition to his eclectic filmography.
It's not exactly a culmination of Tarantino's work to date but it echoes themes and storytelling ideas we've seen him play with since Reservoir Dogs.
Just when you think you know what Quentin Tarantino will do next, you realize just how wrong you are as evidenced by this great addition to the director's oeuvre.
Tarantino is making his points and although it's too long, it is a spectacle to enjoy, a mix between The Canterbury Tales, Cluedo and spaghetti westerns.
Bloated and hilariously self-indulgent.
It's good and bad, trashy and brilliant, flimsy and substantial all at the same time. And as for Tarantino? He's maddening, frustrating, totally unique.
Its lenght and lack of that characteristical 'Tarantino shine' of his more famous body of work make a rewatch of this film a necessary to develop a taste for it. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Hateful Eight sees Tarantino stake a claim as his own most passionate auteurist: the film is a melting chamber-pot of self-referentiality and re-creation.
The Hateful Eight is easily Tarantino's most fierce and contemporary film to date.
Scenes do not gel into a whole, nor do characters compel; suspense is absent, and early parody and irony have given way to out-and-out torture porn.
While not a quantum leap forward in his directing, The Hateful Eight finds a new corner for the filmmaker to explore as both a writer and a director.
As he becomes even wiser an orchestrator of scenarios, characters, and conclusions, Tarantino's work turns more vicious in its time-bomb-like destruction.
The Hateful Eight doesn't try to make a point about race or the status quo in America today, it doesn't even try to do it. It's just interested in telling us a good, violent and emotional story. [Full review in Spanish]
All these great actors, the majestic landscapes and picturesque and mysterious characters wasted... A Tarantino's mistake. [Full review in Spanish]
Tarantino is a slicker and just cares about giving The Hateful Eight an air of quality. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though I don't think this is Tarantino's best film, the director delivers and satisfies his fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tarantino brings a very bold political film disguised as a western that seems deep but at the same time can be enjoyed without any problems. [Full review in Spanish]
'The Hateful Eight', is a confirmation of an exaggerated and fuzzy Tarantino, so determined to surprise us with his wit and shock us with his audacity and ends up sabotaging his interesting argument with excessive characters. [Full Review in Spanish
There's politically incorrect humor and violence, as well as an attractive cast, but it's too long to be perfect. [Full Review in Spanish]
It has all the Tarantino's characteristics and that's the reason this is a must for the filmmaker fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's fascinating to watch -- not once was I bored -- and superior to most other offerings on the big screen at the moment.
Despite being uneven, it contains many moments of pure cinematic genius. [Full Review in Spanish]
When the pace, mystery, black comedy and violence seize The Hateful Eight, gives the impression that it is too late. [Full Review in Spanish]
The Hateful Eight seems like the poorest from all the Tarantino films. [Full Review in Spanish]
While many Quentin haters will see nothing but post-post-post-generic trash here, it's nevertheless worth pointing out that this is one of this filmmaker's most daring efforts yet.
It has all the style of Tarantino, but in front of his previous films falls short. [Full review in Spanish]
Viewers whose palates have adjusted to the loquacious maestro's style will sigh with pleasure.
If you're a Tarantino fan, you can't miss this. [Full review in Spanish]
Tarantino is a show-off and a showman and both tendencies pay-off big time here.
The Hateful Eight is coherent, thoughtful, expertly constructed, and at times horribly droll. It's also a nasty prank, foisted on willing suckers.
The problem is that, in a film driven primarily by verbal explosions, our cook lets the pot simmer far too long.
All Tarantino stylistic is constant in The Hateful Eight. The narrative chapters and, when appropriate, the flashback. [Full review in Spanish]
Scores on some levels, but then ...........
Like "Key Largo", this is in effect a staged play with an ensemble cast taking refuge from a storm but Quentin Tarantino is no Maxwell Anderson.
For all his good intentions and adoration of old-school filmmakers, Tarantino has overreached here - a hard thing for a guy with so much talent to do. That said, one thing Tarantino can never be faulted on is the commitment he gets from his players.
It's surely the bleakest film of Tarantino's career, pronouncing a bitter verdict not only on America's past, but its present and future as well.
This time around, you had better bring along all the patience you can muster - and perhaps some forgiveness as well -- or The Hateful Eight will not meet your heightened hopes.
A superb chapter in the Western genre, an outstanding film overall. [Full review in Spanish]
Classic Tarantino mixed with Agatha Christie and John Ford! Simply stunning 70mm photography and a dream cast that can't be beat!
A deeply conflicting version of fun.
A visceral and thrilling delight about the human condition while also exploring part of the history of the U.S. [Full review in Spanish]
Ending issues aside, this is another worthy addition to Tarantino's back catalogue.
A leisurely, articulate and strangely funny descent into hell.
An extremely cool thriller, a violent movie you can really enjoy. [Full rewview in Spanish]
The incessant use of the N-word seems less a narrative or thematic necessity than a function of ego -- of Tarantino's insistence on his artist's exemption and his privileged status as a white man who is 'down.'
Jackson does Tarantino better than anyone and Tarantino writes his best material for him. They are more than the sum of their parts; when working together they are one of the great cinematic director/actor collaborations of history.
...at worst it's an argument for auteurist vigilantism as moral high ground.
The fate of The Hateful Eight It may to be remembered as one of the smaller films of the filmmaker. Or as his most appealing and indulgent film, and a brilliant exercise of style and direction. [Full review in Spanish]
With his 1-2-3 punch of Inglourious Basterds, Django Unchained and The Hateful Eight, Tarantino is revealing himself to be pop cinema's foremost political provocateur.
It's an event, not just a movie, as Tarantino intended, something to savour, not to rush
The film is big, bold and beautiful and true to Quentin Tarantino's distinctive style, the action is a mix of explosive confrontations, explicit violence, colourful language and bleak humour
It's proof that Tarantino has matured as a director and yet this might be one of his weakest scripts to date. [Full review in Spanish]
All it feels like is lesser Tarantino, even if it is still quite a bit of fun.
[Tarantino's] best film since Pulp Fiction.
The right kind of trouble.
Tense, claustrophobic and predictably violent, Tarantino's latest is a slow burn, three-hour epic that would have been better served as two.
With its high count of profanity, blood spatter, and spilled jelly beans, The Hateful Eight is a huge work crammed into 250 pounds of celluloid, bursting to be seen.
Every Tarantino film is in essence a Western, however, in this one it really shows and it's not for the violence, but for its characters. [Full review in Spanish]
It certainly won't be a film for everyone, but for those who can handle the brutality and nihilism, there's a lot to love about The Hateful Eight.
A thrillingly directed and superbly acted Western that rewards every second of its running time. Tarantino is at the top of his game.
The eight film by Quentin Tarantino is simply majestic. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Hateful Eight" is grotesquely violent and full of misogynists. I am overwhelmingly tired of Quentin Tarantino's shtick.
I have now seen Quentin Tarantino's epic "The Hateful Eight" twice, and enjoyed it even more the second time. Billed as his eighth film, it is also his best, and that includes the likes of "Inglourious Basterds", "Django Unchained" and "Pulp Fiction".
I'm left hoping that the sage of violent cinema will get back his former edge of ingenuity for something less toxic.
... sub-grindhouse material blown out of proportion by its creator's ego. For the first time, the complaints of others are clearer; the excesses, the nasty streak.... you realize a previously essential filmmaker won't always be that.
If Sergio Leone and Agatha Christie collaborated on a feature film you can imagine the result would look something like Quentin Tarantino's characteristically homage-rimmed and violence-splattered mystery-western.
Inexcusably self-indulgent. Tarantino gratifies his enormous self-love and his amusement at his own genius at the expense of all else.
It's everything you'd expect from this exasperatingly unruly writer-director: cinematically adventurous, generically self-conscious, entertainingly performed, editorially ill-disciplined.
Self-indulgent...undisciplined; a movie that celebrates movies, without being an essential one in its own right.
It kept me fully engaged for its entire running time and had me thinking about it long afterward.
Delivers everything you expect - and want - from a Tarantino movie. It is quintessential Quentin. It's Quentinssential.
Nobody does what Tarantino does, and that alone, in a world of copycats and sequels and rip-offs, makes him priceless.
To any and all fans of Tarantino's work, The Hateful Eight will be a wonderful slow-burn experience that showcases a true master of his craft.
"Hateful" isn't the word I would use. Wasteful sounds right - of our time and Tarantino's talents.
Bloody gore - seriously bloody -frequent flashes of humour and that beautifully claustrophobic staging make this a wintery winner despite its shortcomings.
Like the seven previous movies written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, The Hateful Eight is violent, verbose, and self-regardingly funny.
the least enjoyable entry in a body of work whose brilliance derives from Tarantino's ability to deliver pleasure from the most unlikely of subjects
It's mannered, grandiose and self-indulgent, but in its own way absolutely expert. Aesthetic, even, if you like that.
Quentin Tarantino is a filmmaker who simply can't be ignored, especially when he lobs a three-hour wide-screen epic whodunit Western into the cinema.
...undeniably entertaining, if also universally insulting.
With The Hateful Eight, Tarantino has undoubtedly confirmed his reputation as a genius story teller.
It's typical Tarantino and rarely departs from the tried and tested template, a state of affairs that will please his hardcore followers.
Tarantino, like Sam Peckinpah before him, has become practically a synonym for screen violence, but actually he's better at cold, creeping, gore-free menace.
As much as it wallows in the worst mankind has to offer (and has little of importance to say about those impulses), it still showcases Tarantino's skills with memorable characters and high-impact dialogue.
Like [Tarantino's] early films, it thrills us simply with tough talk in tight spaces.
Tarantino. Unarguably a gifted filmmaker. Probably why no one said "enough."
What a shame the piece is so lacking in character and narrative coherence. What a shame so much of it is so gosh-darn boring.
Even with its flaws, "The Hateful Eight" is worth the time investment it requires.
Negative reviews of The Hateful Eight hurt my feelings when they complain about long stretches of dialogue or gratuitous violence, as if that isn't precisely what we've come to see.
As the pieces slot quickly into place, the investment you made in these people and their predicaments begins to pay off, big time.
Tarantino has returned to his first film's template - colourful characters, a single room, blood and betrayal - but this time in a framework that is deliberately designed for repeat viewing.
Playing a gun-control parlor game for 90 minutes without letting a single bullet loose is an intense and bravura direction to take for a Western, that most American genre where the 2nd Amendment rings loudest.
[A] general absence of something to say...Recycles the filmmaker's own work: the leaner if no meaner dog-eat-dog plotting of Reservoir Dogs...and a roster of no-longer-shocking offenses...
A movie so resolute and deadpan that it creates scenarios we find ourselves unable to turn away from, and personalities that intrigue as deeply as they horrify.
Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight is a lot of things. Boring, of course, isn't one of them.
The filmmaking is thoughtful, the writing funny, and the image, combined with the slow-building score, an invitation to look and look and look.
The Hateful Eight can be tough, but it's always rewarding as entertainment.
It's as if Tarantino, believing the interrogation prologue to Inglourious Basterds to be the best-written scene of his career, undertook to redraft the sequence at nearly feature length.
Maybe it doesn't amount to a whole hill of beans, but you'll have immense fun while it lasts.
A superior entertainment that marks Tarantino's most mature outing since Jackie Brown.
One thing about Tarantino films is they are never boring, although the character's speeches themselves can sometimes be boring and distracting. In this film, I thought the speeches worked, and the film did hold my interest throughout.
Less a reason to celebr8te than might have been, even in Ultra Panavision 70(mm).
The Hateful Eight is Quentin Tarantino's weakest movie - and yes, that includes Death Proof. There's still plenty of good stuff here to make the film worth seeing, though.
Tarantino is in love with Westerns because he can get away with using the N word in every sentence. He is an auteur who is in full command of his craft and has a clear, uncompromising vision of what he wants. It's always worth a visit to his world.
Even when pulled down by his worst impulses and most self-indulgent tics, Tarantino can pull off scenes that possess a mad, bad, unsettling power. In Hollywood's increasingly bland landscape, that's something.
This is Tarantino. And it's very entertaining, even when it's entertainingly vile, which happens a lot in this overlong movie's extended third act.
The film is pointless, even as entertainment, because it builds to nothing more than a comic book blood bath.
Get past the buckets and buckets of blood in The Hateful Eight, and there's a good argument to be made that -- once the shock value has worn off -- this is Quentin Tarantino at his most philosophical and clever.
Many times I admired it for its craft, its game performances, its deft way with suspense... Yet by the time Hateful Eight was over, that admiration was overshadowed by its lazy cynicism disguised as western revisionism.
I love Tarantino's dialogue, but every man has his limit. Mine is 3 hours, 2 minutes. The leisurely pace only showcased for me how it lacked in suspense, with surprises rarely surprising.
The Hateful Eight isn't a masterpiece and it's not Tarantino's best film, but it is his most complete effort in a long while. It's sloppy but riveting.
What was it about this cramped, underdeveloped parlor drama -- the majority of which takes place on one set -- that caused Tarantino to think 70mm?
Astonishingly, Tarantino pulls it off with a picture 1.7 times wider than in Lumet's 12 ANGRY MEN, achieving the same tension.
There are many reasons you should hate "The H8teful Eight" but there are even more reasons to love it.
Tarantino at his best and worst. The audacity and daring are appreciated, but also indulges some of QT's worst tendencies (Fox 29 Philly)
There's a great film here, but it's locked in a losing battle against a longer, more drawn out one. It's that amazing 15-minute story your friend drags out for an hour.
The Hateful Eight is too extreme, too ghoulishly violent, too besieged by its ensemble's overriding villainy, to feel like anything but a dark chamber piece.
Yeah!!!
The film ... wants to be all things to all people but ends up being not much more than a lost opportunity for greatness.
Say what you want about (Quentin) Tarantino - he's derivative, undisciplined and self-indulgent and loves to hear his characters ramble on - but boy, are his movies fun to watch.
Tarantino is a master of these kinds of suspenseful cat-and-mouse scenes, only this time there are only cats. There's a reason the movie isn't called "The Hateful Seven Plus One Guy Who's Not So Bad, Really."
"3:10 to Salò." ... An overarching visual metaphor that envelops and chills: the monologues progress under blanket of whiteness, an encroaching, enveloping, concealing, obscuring, blanketing, burying whiteness.
Tarantino's latest exercise in comedic nihilism rates an A- for audacity. Full of signature tropes, this sanguinary oater owes equal debts to Leone, Agatha Christie ... Flawed, startlingly revelatory, another notch for the gunslinger-arrogant auteur.
The first half is nearly perfect, a slow build of pinprick tension, and while the second half gets a little repetitive, it's also where the brilliant Jennifer Jason Leigh is at her no-holds-barred, blood-soaked best.
Tarantino proves that he can do classical storytelling as well as anyone but still loves flipping both middle fingers at classical ideas of "good taste."
This is Quentin Tarantino's bleakest vision yet -a bit unruly and untidy but unforgettable because it's the filmmaker at his angriest and most ambitious. It's an enraged fireside chat and a tremendously entertaining, caustically humorous Western.
As it stands, The Hateful Eight is a beautiful film, filled with images and ideas that will stick with me for days. However, it never quite clears the bar it's trying to jump over.
The Hateful Eight is a stubbornly, defiantly misanthropic movie, a film that brings back the spirit of Hollywood in the mid-60s -- not only in the Ultra Panavision, but in the stench of creative dry rot.
The Hateful Eight is not for everybody, but I found it completely compelling and engaging in a way that the first viewings of both Basterds and Django weren't. (They're currently my first and third favorite QT movies, for the record.)
What redeems the sourness of The Hateful Eight is the pleasure in yarn-spinning (and tangling).
Watching Jackson and Russell play off one another as instant best frenemies is a hoot, and a little depressing: Why did it take so long for such a pairing to happen?
The whole thing is exhausting in a spectacularly satisfying way.
It's the performances and not a resurrected format that make this film worth seeing.
Quentin Tarantino's relatively newfound penchant for erratic, overlong period pieces continues with The Hateful Eight...
"The Hateful Eight" is much tighter, and more tightly-wound, than "Django Unchained," and it's a great deal of fun.
A violent, profane Western with operatic monologues as well as blood and guts. Another great Tarantino cast.
Grindhouse nihilism with acromegaly. Going full barbarian, QT has made his nastiest, least appealing movie.
By the end of "The Hateful Eight," its status as a tale of mystery and its deference to classic Westerns have all but disappeared, worn down by the grind of its sadistic vision.
Tarantino obviamente se diverte ao construir narrativas que não apenas despertam controvérsias, mas parecem interessadas em atraí-las. [Full review in Portuguese]
Even at more than three hours, the story never feels labored. A lot of that is because Tarantino's dialogue is rapturous to the ear. But mostly it's because the performances are all so strong,
Quentin Tarantino is a 52-year-old man, but his movies still feel like something birthed from the imagination of a 14-year-old boy...
an impudent, pugnacious comedy that uses the synthetic nature of its stylized homage idiom to be a whip-smart consideration of race, gender, politics, situational ethics, and very, very bad teeth
The Hateful Eight runs just over three hours in its limited roadshow edition, yet it feels far shorter than many of the 100-or-so-minute duds I've endured this year.
Exploding heads. Title cards. Indelible music. The N-word. And yet The Hateful Eight is Tarantino's eighth, and least substantial, film.
Entertaining up to a point.
The Hateful Eight isn't a western as wacky as Django Unchained, but it's everything you want from a Tarantino movie: unbearable tension, deft and intuitive dialogue, and sudden, grisly violence
It might be Tarantino's most stagey, talky and literary film, but it also feels like one of his most epic.
As a realization of Tarantino's vision, The Hateful Eight is one of 2015's best movies - and a standout in the director's filmography.
What Tarantino has delivered here is a fascinating portrait of deception and mistrust. The Hateful Eight has the incredible writer/director back in fine form, presenting not only an intriguing script, but also top-notch direction.
Good, but not anywhere near Tarantino's best. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - Also Available)
The Hateful Eight is devilishly good.
This is an impressive ensemble, and Tarantino has a true gift for dialogue and story twists, but in the end, all that talent seems to have been spent on pretty empty notions.
The Hateful Eight is a big, shambling, audacious inversion of the Western, held together by Tarantino's sincere conviction that beyond his high juvenilia, American audiences might recognize their own fractious nation.
The Hateful Eight is a step backward from one of our best filmmakers, playing like a film by Tarantino the stereotype rather than Tarantino the artist.
Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight is not so much a deconstruction of the Western as it is a playful riff on our expectations for the genre and, perhaps, for the film itself.
"The Hateful Eight" is a cinema buff's dream - and unlike anything else in theaters this season. But that's only to be expected from Quentin Tarantino, one of the few directors with the clout to pursue his vision wherever it takes him.
It's epic in length, extraordinary in process, tremendous in writing and phenomenal in acting, and a brief description barely does it any justice.
Tarantino's knack for sizzling dialogue fails him early and often, and characters' speeches seem painfully long and drawn out.
Tarantino revisits some of his favorite tricks from "Pulp Fiction," "Inglourious Basterds" and "Reservoir Dogs," but "Hateful" doesn't feel like a retread ...
Quentin Tarantino's unrequited love for 60s era spaghetti westerns is again on display in 'The Hateful Eight'. It is a gruesomely violent, garrulous, and protracted homage to a style of filmmaking the director fervently adores.
Not odious but no classic either...basically a western potboiler with a mystery-novel pulse, amusing in parts but overlong..., though it does provide the expected bloodbath at the close.
The first half seems like Tarantino's worst movie. Then there's a plot flip, and you think: Okay, here we go. But then it goes on seeming like Tarantino's worst movie.
This just isn't the Tarantino of Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs or even Inglourious Basterds, although any film that gives Samuel L. Jackson a chance to talk and glower at length is a film worth seeing.
Tarantino seems to have no shortage of creativity or inspiration. What he needs to find is someone who isn't afraid to occasionally say, "Cut."
Some of the film's ugliness is therefore a sign of integrity, and of relevance. But much of it seems dumb and ill considered, as if Mr. Tarantino's intellectual ambition and his storytelling discipline had failed him at the same time.
Tarantino is an inspiring, passionate and exciting filmmaker with a genius for dialogue that is his and his alone. But in the case of The Hateful Eight, Tarantino has allowed genius to blind his eyes and run amuck.
A sluggish, unimaginative dud, brimming with venom but not much cleverness.
Fans of the director's twisted verbal jousting and celebratory approach to violence will still get their kicks, but for the most part this drawn-out, overly theatrical, vapidly brutal exercise is a lot of fuss over nothing.
This is Tarantino's bleakest and most violent film, but it's also his slowest, a meditation on vengeance and justice in America and possibly in his own movies. Why he needs three hours to draw no apparent conclusion is unclear.
The movie is a lot of gore over a lot of nothing. I hope that won't be Tarantino's epitaph.
It all adds up to a towering work, as profound as it is profane.
The climactic bloodletting may make for merry times for fanboys and fetishists, but it's difficult to reconcile Tarantino's infectious joie de vivre with the scorched-earth nihilism he uses it to celebrate.
As the bodies pile up in the second half, along with the switchback narrative reveals, "The Hateful Eight" becomes a hermetically sealed exercise of a dispiriting sort.
If you see "The Hateful Eight," you'll see an almost three-hour film that never drags, that is enjoyable from beginning to end.
This is one of the best movies of the year.
People do terrible things in The Hateful Eight-no matter what you make of the movie, the title doesn't disappoint. But its glorious, snow-capped visuals aside, The Hateful Eight comes off as haggard and atrophied.
Put your hand in your pocket, real slow-like, and get out your wallet. You'll want to buy a ticket for The Hateful Eight, the Western that Quentin Tarantino was born to make.
You do have to dig a little deeper in more key areas to find the sly gold in them thar snow-crested hills. But it is there, if you come to this good, bad and ugly deconstruction well prepared.
It's a terrific piece of entertainment, first and foremost, mean and ugly and did I mention mean?
It's a fun trip if you've got the stomach for it.
The Hateful Eight is a crackling yarn with a deep well of meaning and socio-political commentary.
"Eight" is a fine feature, but not a remarkable one considering all the production's bells and whistles, sustaining the "Django Unchained" vibe of Tarantino gorging on himself to a point where his sense of pace is almost completely missing.
The Hateful Eight wears out its welcome well before the halfway point, leaving the equivalent of a whole other movie to sit -- and suffer -- through.
The Hateful Eight is a movie about the worst aspects of human nature, which is why the film can't be quite described as "fun," at least in the traditional sense. But Tarantino isn't glorifying the ugliness; he's condemning it.
'The Hateful Eight' may be one of the most disappointing and discouraging films from a good director in a long while.
Rather than find a way for opposing ideas to coexist and overlap in the same scene, Russell's movie staggers from one theme to the next, shrilly insisting all along the way that the viewer feel something.
The Hateful Eight is a lot of very good things. It's a spectacular bit of storytelling set against 70 millimeters of Wyoming grandeur, yet neat enough to fit together like the gears in a Swiss watch, with stellar character acting and crackling dialogue.
It's profane, protracted, violent, and yet another achievement in a career full of inspired filmmaking.
These are wolves, and most of them don't even bother disguising themselves in sheep's clothing.
The Hateful Eight marks Tarantino as a filmmaker in full command of his universe, a bleak one at odds with the optimistically spiritual message of the holidays.
Wildly entertaining, visually awesome, and a feast of delightfully wicked performances... [with] hints of Cabin in the Woods, The Thing, Cabin Fever, Evil Dead, and other such tales...
A return to Tarantino's small-scaled, dialogue-heavy, non-linear storytelling, bloody, shocking origins. Quite simply, it's one of his best films.
The Hateful Eight is often deranged, consistently depraved and at-times despicable, but it is also 100 percent Tarantino-style guilty-pleasure entertainment.
While not as cinematically game-changing as Pulp Fiction or as gore-spattered as the Kill Bill films, The Hateful Eight doles out all of Tarantino's favorite things.
It just doesn't work. The pacing is off, there's no tension, the connections don't stick, all that talk leads to a lot of bloody action but no payoffs since the talk meant nothing and the characters that were saying it weren't memorable.
The increasingly bloody payoffs don't quite make up for the sluggish first half.
The Hateful Eight is an easy film to admire for its creator's singular and distinct vision. But it's tough movie to love.
Quentin Tarentino's latest homage mashup hits a lot of familiar notes, but where's the fun?
Even if you don't get the references, you can enjoy the ripely robust acting -- especially Russell, Jackson and Leigh -- and Tarantino's storytelling skill.
Best film of the year? Yes.
As the evocative, stirring Ennio Morricone overture opens Quentin Tarantino's eighth endeavour The Hateful Eight, you realise that this is to be quite the cinematic experience, as an ode, of sorts, to classic Hollywood productions.
Fans of the director will eat it up, but those with a more casual curiosity in the film -- or those expecting a traditional Western -- might do well to prepare themselves for a long ride.
All this hype, and for what? Three hours or so, set mostly in a single room where the unsavory guests and staff trade juvenile and racist insults, periodically murdering each other. I was hoping they'd get it over with already well before the intermission
It's chatty, it's gory, and it features juicy roles for all of QT's unusual suspects. If you've gone off Quentin of late, this will not turn you round, but if you love the outspoken director's previous fare, you're going to adore The Hateful Eight.
An epic work of self-indulgence and smug riffing, stringing together tropes from TV and screen westerns and closed-room whodunits, The Hateful Eight announces itself with all the pomp and circumstance of a mid-century cinema spectacle.
Tarantino writes like a flamethrower in this western whodunit. He brings the war home, baby, with all the political, geographical, social, sexual and racial implications we're still wrangling with today.
Not about what its characters say, but what what they say says about them.
By film's end what you've seen has been shocking, even genuinely messed-up, and it wants you to be shocked and unnerved, because if you aren't you're not human.
Quentin Tarantino's hybrid Western-mystery flick builds to multiple crescendos of greed, betrayal, and violence.
One of my favorite Tarantino movies since "Jackie Brown."
While it doesn't exactly earn its three-hour runtime, this Agatha Christie-styled whodunit is a lot of fun thanks to a smartly crafted script and riotous performances from its ensemble cast.
Russell and Jason Leigh, handcuffed together for most of the running time, are especially great, so choreographed are their movements, so slapstick is the violence between the two.
Tarantino's absolute control over the images means nothing when he seems unwilling or unable to shape and modulate his writing. The gap between form and content results in the only Tarantino movie whose flaws bury its virtues.
Toss a classic Western, a Miss Marple mystery and gobs of gore into a big-screen crockpot and you get Quentin Tarantino's weird, wild and way-too-long new movie, "The Hateful Eight."
Exploitative , self-indulgent and sadistic, it's a highly-stylized, Tarantino Western.
...would have/could have watched "The Hateful Eight" again, just to take in, fully, the excellence of directing, acting, cinematography and production design.
Nobody makes you want to root for the bad guy better than Tarantino does.
The Hateful Eight is a big, mean movie in a small, isolated setting hidden among a beautiful, beautiful world.
I didn't mind the movie in spite of all my problems with it. When it works, it just plain works.
While cinema's favorite cinephile is up to some of his old tricks in his eighth feature, this over three hour long drawing room thriller also feels like a step forward for the wayward enfant terrible -- a step toward maturity.
Eight too often feels wearying, a film of modest ambition made by a director with unlimited resources.
Boasts stunning wide-screen photography, dazzling long takes, time-shifting perspectives, mysteries to be solved, wind blowing through kicked-in doors and window frames, surging horses, raging blizzards, knives... and bodies piled on the floor.
It's sensational fun.
From scenic panoramas in which the humans almost disappear in the vast ominous landscape to ultra-violent in your face splatter, this rare format no one has seen for almost 50 years stuns.
Like Tarantino's best work, the film forces you to see and feel something on its own terms -- in this case, loyalty and identity unraveling under extremes.
Is The Hateful Eight a blizzard of ego or the film in 2015 that has the best chance of being a classic?
A meandering tale of frontier justice, whose deceptions are neither shocking nor meaningful and whose stylized violence drifts into gratuitous brutality.
Yep, we're in Tarantino territory for sure: way too self-indulgently long, and way, way overboard with that N-word.
There is a sameness to The Hateful Eight, a sense that we have been down this road before, with higher stakes, with a firmer hand on the till.
A watchable, jokey genre mashup...Is it the "event" Tarantino is hyping it to be? Hell no.
The culmination of Quentin Tarantino's entire career.
Composer Ennio Morricone's seesawing score sometimes brings to mind Tarantino fave Sergio Leone, but the real ancestor here is John Carpenter's 1982 The Thing, another thriller percolating with close-quarters paranoia and Hawksian gab.
Despite a queasy finish, "The Hateful Eight" floats a notion only a filmmaker like Tarantino would think of: perhaps our collective prejudices and intolerances can be united and overcome by our mutual hostility for someone even more loathsome.
Further proves Tarantino to be a true original despite his constant homages to films of the past.
Tarantino also rates big cheers for presenting The Hateful Eight... as a 70mm widescreen roadshow attraction, one with an overture, intermission, longer running time and exit music. Many more of these, please.
There isn't another American filmmaker alive who could get away with creating something as brash, overblown and sporadically brilliant as the eighth film by Quentin Tarantino.
Tarantino seems determined to upend your every expectation.
Armed with vicious humor and an intense story, Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight is as brutal in its insights into race relations and human nature as it is in its depiction of violence and the Wild West.
At 188 minutes, The Hateful Eight may seem absurdly long given its relative lack of incident but with dialogue and performances as fine as they are here, the film doesn't outstay its welcome in the slightest.
The Hateful Eight is a parlour-room epic, an entire nation in a single room, a film steeped in its own filminess but at the same time vital, riveting and real. Only Tarantino can do this, and he's done it again.
Shot in 70mm, but largely set in one room, this is the writer-director's take on the betrayed promise of America: a perverse vision of sadistic men comforted by false causes.
A scorching entertainment set amid harsh, icy conditions.
The Hateful Eight's powder-keg first half ignites in a second half that's built on all of Tarantino's hallmarks, exploding in one fiery ball of tension, thrills and enigmatic storytelling with a snowy western twist.
The premise of the film is simple, but it's a simplicity that can only attract complications, as simple plans are apt to do, in an atmosphere of foreboding and the macabre.
"Thriller" is a generic label which has lost its force. But The Hateful Eight thrills.
As someone who's loved almost all of Tarantino's films, I felt-for the first time-something close to disappointment.
Tarantino's typical solid hand with actors is on full view.
Just a notch below Leigh is the charming and witty Walton Goggins, who runs away with just about every scene he inhabits. Goggins plays up the balance between idiotic cowboy and devious accomplice with stunning resolve.
The Hateful Eight is Tarantino's eighth film, as the opening credits emphasize, and it's one his best - a tense, suspenseful and bloody experience.
If you enjoy a Tarantino-scripted conversation or two or five, "The Hateful Eight" may well engage you as a darkly funny locked-door mystery that's in no hurry to show its hand.
As ever with Tarantino films, however, some of the performances are lip-smackingly delicious.
Those willing to put in the time will find a movie that is both beautiful and hideous, funny and shocking, and even thoughtful on occasion.
Familiarity aside ... the movie absolutely delivers on the sheer moment-to-moment pleasures fans have come to expect, from dynamite dialogue to powder-keg confrontations.
The eighth film from writer-director Quentin Tarantino is one of his nerviest efforts yet: a slow-burn, meditative chamber piece that only gradually reveals its grander, bloodier ambitions.
With its minimalist setting and vivid themes, "The Hateful Eight" suggests "Reservoir Dogs" set in the world of "Django Unchained."
